CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

<!-- Adapted from https://github.com/PurpleBooth/a-good-readme-template/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md -->

# Contributing

## Issues

[Issues](https://codeberg.org/AverageHelper/ip-echo-vercel/issues/new/choose) are very valuable to this project.

- Ideas are a valuable source of contributions others can make
- Problems show where this project is lacking
- With a question you show where contributors can improve the user
  experience

Thank you for creating them.

## Pull Requests

Pull requests are a great way to get your ideas into this repository.

When deciding if I merge a pull request I look at the following
things:

### Does it state intent?

You should be clear which problem you're trying to solve with your
contribution.

For example:

> Add link to code of conduct in README.md

Doesn't tell me anything about why you're doing that

> Add link to code of conduct in README.md because users don't always
> look in the CONTRIBUTING.md

Tells me the problem that you have found, and the pull request shows me
the action you have taken to solve it.

### Is it of good quality?

- There are no spelling mistakes
- It reads well
- For English contributions: Has a good score on
  [Grammarly](https://www.grammarly.com) or [Hemingway
  App](https://hemingwayapp.com)

### Does it move this repository closer to my vision for the project?

The aim of this project is:

- To provide a safe place where anyone can quickly and easily keep track of their expenses
- Usable by someone who can use a web browser
- Fosters a culture of respect and gratitude in the open source fintech space

### Does it follow the contributor covenant?

This repository has a [code of conduct](/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md), I will
remove things that do not respect it.

Commit message:

chore: Move to Forgejo (#19)
- Replaced internal references to Codeberg with my Forgejo instance.
- Updated vulnerable dependencies.

Reviewed-on: https://git.average.name/AverageHelper/ip-echo-vercel/pulls/19
Co-authored-by: AverageHelper <me@average.name>
Co-committed-by: AverageHelper <me@average.name>

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

<!-- Adapted from https://github.com/PurpleBooth/a-good-readme-template/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md -->

# Contributing

This project lives primarily at [git.average.name](https://git.average.name/AverageHelper/ip-echo-vercel). Read-only mirrors also exist on [Codeberg](https://codeberg.org/AverageHelper/ip-echo-vercel) and [GitHub](https://github.com/AverageHelper/ip-echo-vercel). Issues or pull requests should be filed at [git.average.name](https://git.average.name/AverageHelper/ip-echo-vercel). You may sign in or create an account directly, or use one of several OAuth 2.0 providers.

## Issues

[Issues](https://git.average.name/AverageHelper/ip-echo-vercel/issues/new/choose) are very valuable to this project.

- Ideas are a valuable source of contributions others can make
- Problems show where this project is lacking
- With a question you show where contributors can improve the user
  experience

Thank you for creating them.

## Pull Requests

Pull requests are a great way to get your ideas into this repository.

When deciding if I merge a pull request I look at the following
things:

### Does it state intent?

You should be clear which problem you're trying to solve with your
contribution.

For example:

> Add link to code of conduct in README.md

Doesn't tell me anything about why you're doing that

> Add link to code of conduct in README.md because users don't always
> look in the CONTRIBUTING.md

Tells me the problem that you have found, and the pull request shows me
the action you have taken to solve it.

### Is it of good quality?

- There are no spelling mistakes
- It reads well
- For English contributions: Has a good score on
  [Grammarly](https://www.grammarly.com) or [Hemingway
  App](https://hemingwayapp.com)

### Does it move this repository closer to my vision for the project?

The aim of this project is:

- To provide a safe place where anyone can quickly and easily keep track of their expenses
- Usable by someone who can use a web browser
- Fosters a culture of respect and gratitude in the open source fintech space

### Does it follow the contributor covenant?

This repository has a [code of conduct](/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md), I will
remove things that do not respect it.
